README.md, before:

# 'Order to Cash' process

## Create Sales Order (VA01)
![Create Sales Order VA01](images/CreatedSalesOrder-VA01.jpg)
### OData Service
Information on SAP API Business Hub: [Sales Order (A2X)](https://api.sap.com/api/OP_API_SALES_ORDER_SRV_0001/overview)

* https://{host}:{port}/sap/opu/odata/sap/API_SALES_ORDER_SRV

#### Sample Payload:
```http
# Fetch Sales Order "1! and 
# fetch X-CSRF-Token used for creating a Sales order
# @name FetchReply
GET https://server:port/sap/opu/odata/sap/API_SALES_ORDER_SRV/A_SalesOrder('1')?$format=json
Authorization: Basic {{username}}:{{password}}
X-CSRF-Token: Fetch
```

```http
# Create Sales Order
POST https://server:port/sap/opu/odata/sap/API_SALES_ORDER_SRV/A_SalesOrder
Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Basic {{username}}:{{password}}
X-CSRF-Token: {{FetchReply.response.headers.x-csrf-token}}

{
    "SalesOrder": "0005200000",
    "SalesOrderType": "OR",
    "SalesOrganization": "1010",
    "DistributionChannel": "10",
    "OrganizationDivision": "00",
    "SoldToParty": "10100001",
    "PurchaseOrderByCustomer": "Holger Bruchelt",
    "to_Item": [
    {
        "SalesOrderItem": "10",
        "SalesOrderItemCategory": "TAN",
        "Material": "TG11",
        "RequestedQuantity": "5"
      },
          {
        "SalesOrderItem": "20",
        "SalesOrderItemCategory": "TAN",
        "Material": "TG12",
        "RequestedQuantity": "15"
      }
    ]
}
```

![Created Sales Order in the SAP System VA03](images/CreatedSalesOrder-VA03.jpg)

#### Sample Power Automate Flow

#### Sample Action in Copilot Studio 


## Deliver the goods (VL01N)

## Billing The Sales Order (VF01)

## Release Billing Document to FI Accounting (VF02)

## Check The Invoice (FB03)

## Process Incoming Payment (F-28)

Commit message:

Update README to include introductory context for 'Order to Cash' process

README.md, after:

# 'Order to Cash' process
This documentation outlines some basic steps in the Order to Cash process (inspired by [this](https://community.sap.com/t5/enterprise-resource-planning-blogs-by-sap/step-by-step-to-run-a-simple-order-to-cash-process/ba-p/13439388 guide)). The goal is to get you started with the relevant SAP OData Calls, but then also to provide you with samples that you can import in Power Automate and Copilot Studio to quickly get you started!


## Create Sales Order (VA01)
![Create Sales Order VA01](images/CreatedSalesOrder-VA01.jpg)
### OData Service
Information on SAP API Business Hub: [Sales Order (A2X)](https://api.sap.com/api/OP_API_SALES_ORDER_SRV_0001/overview)

* https://{host}:{port}/sap/opu/odata/sap/API_SALES_ORDER_SRV

#### Sample Payload:
```http
# Fetch Sales Order "1! and 
# fetch X-CSRF-Token used for creating a Sales order
# @name FetchReply
GET https://server:port/sap/opu/odata/sap/API_SALES_ORDER_SRV/A_SalesOrder('1')?$format=json
Authorization: Basic {{username}}:{{password}}
X-CSRF-Token: Fetch
```

```http
# Create Sales Order
POST https://server:port/sap/opu/odata/sap/API_SALES_ORDER_SRV/A_SalesOrder
Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Basic {{username}}:{{password}}
X-CSRF-Token: {{FetchReply.response.headers.x-csrf-token}}

{
    "SalesOrder": "0005200000",
    "SalesOrderType": "OR",
    "SalesOrganization": "1010",
    "DistributionChannel": "10",
    "OrganizationDivision": "00",
    "SoldToParty": "10100001",
    "PurchaseOrderByCustomer": "Holger Bruchelt",
    "to_Item": [
    {
        "SalesOrderItem": "10",
        "SalesOrderItemCategory": "TAN",
        "Material": "TG11",
        "RequestedQuantity": "5"
      },
          {
        "SalesOrderItem": "20",
        "SalesOrderItemCategory": "TAN",
        "Material": "TG12",
        "RequestedQuantity": "15"
      }
    ]
}
```

![Created Sales Order in the SAP System VA03](images/CreatedSalesOrder-VA03.jpg)

#### Sample Power Automate Flow

#### Sample Action in Copilot Studio 


## Deliver the goods (VL01N)

## Billing The Sales Order (VF01)

## Release Billing Document to FI Accounting (VF02)

## Check The Invoice (FB03)

## Process Incoming Payment (F-28)
